


							PacWars
							-------

At last the best version of Pacwars is here.   Finally  after months of  waiting
we have managed to get a file server up and running.  

!! HOT OFF THE PRESS !!!

Pacwars now functions using IPX - this  should  mean  that instead of only being
useable on NETWARE 2.15 ADVANCED you  should  now be able to play Pacwars across
most of the Netware range.  

This latest version has bug  fixes galore as  well as extensions to the maze and
sprite editors. A major addition is the ability to have background or foreground 
graphics - nice to  hide behind objects and  jump out  on unsuspecting PacPeople.  
Block copy and move  facilities have now  been added to the  maze editor to make 
creating rooms simpler.

The main bug that stopped the  last version from working turned out to be really
easy to fix ( It's a lot easier to debug when you  have the server  there )  and 
this version does seem a lot faster than an earlier one that we were using.

Again I  would  like  to  mention  that we  would be  interested  in seeing  any 
Pac - creations,   so  far we have  received one  (PacDoc).  They  will  all  be 
gratefully received /admired /discarded.  The same applies for maze definitions. 
The best will be distributed to registered users and included in future versions.
'Fame At Last, eh!'.  Maze definitions are held in MSPRITES.DAT  and  the Sprite 
definitions in .PAC files if you do want to send them in. 
 
Incorporated in this version are the following suggestions:

		Increased High Score - now 655,000+
G C		Grenade - select fire and run for the next room
G		Warping Pearl - when shot may WARP to another location
G C		Shield - Protects the wearer from bullets in one direction only
		Warp - ghost pacman FEATURE has been removed
		Party - Shoot the beer and everyone in the room Parties.
		Glue -  Shoot the glue and everyone in the room gets stuck.

Thanks to G - Grey Tide Systems & C - Compuware for the above.

Ten wonderful people have registered Pacwars so far, excuse me while I faint.
Who says Shareware's a failure.  How  am I  supposed to  keep the programming
team on chinese meals  on that.  On the subject  of  registration, Profitplan
went into liquidation on the 6th November  1990,  anyone who  registered with 
Profitplan after that date should write to the liquidator Moores Rowland, at
the address supplied in the documentation, requesting the return of their 
cheque.

Under development by other members of the team are:

		PacWars 3D - all your favourite characters in glorious 3 Dimensions,
                     Nice graphics but, don't hold your breath.

		TankWars   - Multi-User Tank Battle, authentic right down to the 
                     primitive graphics.


The idea of all this is to stimulate the creative juices of programmers around
the world to write some decent games for Novell.  And allow me to get on with 
some work and make a living.  Till next time I can be contacted on CIX c/o 

                 aitken@cix.cix.UUCP

IAIN 
